[AGM-1212] Specify that regex are supported for $network rules (#22)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

1. `$network` rules match **IP addresses only**! You cannot use it to block or unblock access to a domain.
2. To match an IPv6 address, you have to use the collapsed syntax, e.g. use `[2001:4860:4860::8888]$network` instead of `[2001:4860:4860:0:0:0:0:8888]$network`.
3. An allowlist `$network` rule makes AdGuard bypass data to the matching endpoint, e.g. there will be no further filtering at all.

> 4. If the IP part starts and ends with `/` character, it's treated as a [regular expression](/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md#regular-expressions-support).

Reviewer: Кажется, анкор называется `#regexp-support`, проверь

Плюс можно гиперссылку не просто закинуть на "regular expressions", а дописать отдельное предложение в духе "Подробнее о регулярных выражениях тут"

2. To match an IPv6 address, you have to use the collapsed syntax, e.g. use `[2001:4860:4860::8888]$network` instead of `[2001:4860:4860:0:0:0:0:8888]$network`.
3. An allowlist `$network` rule makes AdGuard bypass data to the matching endpoint, e.g. there will be no further filtering at all.
4. If the IP part starts and ends with `/` character, it's treated as a regular expression.

> 5. `/regexp/$network` - blocks access to all addresses that matches the `regexp` regular expression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. `/regexp/$network` blocks access to all addresses that match the `regexp` regular expression.
```

>  > Special characters: if the regular expression is used to exclude the IP address, use `+` sign which indicates *one or more*, `[]` sign matches a single number that is contained within the brackets, `{}` sign specifies the amount of times the number before can repeat itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 > Special characters: if a regular expression is used to exclude an IP address, use the `+` sign that indicates *one or more*. The `[]` sign matches a single number in the brackets and the `{}` sign specifies the amount of times the number before can repeat itself.
```

* `@@174.129.166.49$network` — makes AdGuard bypass data to the endpoint. No other rules will be applied.
* `/.+:3[0-9]{4}/$network` — blocks access to any port from 30000 to 39999.
* `/8.8.8.(:?8|4)/$network` — blocks access to both `8.8.8.8` and `8.8.8.4`.

> * `/.+:[1-3][0-9]{2,5}/$network` - blocks access to all IP addresses that ends with :100, :100000, 122, 122222 etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `/.+:[1-3][0-9]{2,5}/$network` blocks access to all IP addresses that end with :100, :100000, 122, 122222, etc.
```
и выше давай тире тоже уберём

> * `/.+:[1-3][0-9]{2,5}/$network` - blocks access to all IP addresses that ends with :100, :100000, 122, 122222 etc.

Reviewer 3: Точно нужен ещё один пример? Похоже, что он по сути показывает то же, что и [этот](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase/pull/22/files#diff-190ba525f7c4d0b0eda33dab9df98df01d3ac072d6aeef951f044c96d58a25c9R710). И описание у этого правила получилось некорректное.
